"Chronological distribution of the tiger Panthera tigris and the Asiatic lion Panthera leo persica in their common range in Asia".
"Lolcat" is a compound word of the acronymic abbreviation for "laugh out loud" (LOL) and the word "cat".
"Pee Wee" Kirkland who was drafted by the Chicago Bulls, but turned it down because he was making way more money in the drug world.
"The typewriter was a useful machine during the censorship era of the Soviet government, starting during the Russian Civil War (1917-1922).
), written by Malling-Hansen's daughter, Johanne Agerskov, in 1865, Malling-Hansen made a porcelain model of the keyboard of his writing ball and experimented with different placements of the letters to achieve the fastest writing speed.
107 Bachelor's degrees are offered across the Haas School of Business (1), College of Chemistry (5), College of Engineering (20), College of Environmental Design (4), College of Letters and Science (67), College of Natural Resources (10), and other individual majors (2).
15 minutes are allowed for a half-time break under FIBA, NBA, and NCAA rules and 10 minutes in United States high schools.
2 In total, Lucas was inducted into the Hall of Fame twice - as player and as a member of the 1960 Olympic team.
98 of March 28, 1983, owning a typewriter, both by businesses or by private persons, was subject to an approval given by the local police authorities.
A "noiseless" typewriter has a complex lever mechanism that decelerates the typebar mechanically before pressing it against the ribbon and paper in an attempt to dampen the noise.
A 1998 seismic safety study on the California campus gave the stadium a "poor" rating (meaning that the building represents an "appreciable life hazard" in an earthquake), and estimated the cost of making the structure safe at $14 million.
A 2014 paper argues that cats' "unselfconsciousness" is rare in an age of hyper-surveillance, and cat photos appeal to people as it lets them imagine "the possibility of freedom from surveillance", while presenting the power of controlling that surveillance as unproblematic.
A back-shot is a shot taken when the player is facing away from the basket, and may be shot with the dominant hand, or both; but there is a very low chance that the shot will be successful.
A blatant foul involving physical contact that is either excessive or unnecessary is called an intentional foul (flagrant foul in the NBA).
A block is performed when, after a shot is attempted, a defender succeeds in altering the shot by touching the ball.
A cat show is a judged event in which the owners of cats compete to win titles in various cat-registering organizations by entering their cats to be judged after a breed standard.
A cents symbol (C/) was created by combining (over-striking) a lower case "c" with a slash character (typing "c", then backspace, then "/").
A close Game 5 saw the Mavericks eke out a 118-112 victory with a last-minute surge led by superstar forward Dirk Nowitzki to send the series back to California at 3-2.
A common facial expression is the "grimace face" or flehmen response, which a lion makes when sniffing chemical signals and involves an open mouth with bared teeth, raised muzzle, wrinkled nose closed eyes and relaxed ears.
A day before the trade deadline, the Warriors traded Kent Bazemore and Brooks to the Los Angeles Lakers in exchange for veteran point guard Steve Blake.
A drafted player, either an international draftee or a college draftee, who is not signed by the team that drafted him, is allowed to sign with any non-NBA teams.
A dribble that touches both hands is considered stopping the dribble, giving this infraction the name double dribble.
A fairly major typewriter user is the City of New York, which in 2008 purchased several thousand typewriters, mostly for use by the New York Police Department, at the total cost of $982,269.
A few attempts to build a cat census have been made over the years, both through associations or national and international organizations (such as the Canadian Federation of Humane Societies's one) and over the Internet, but such a task does not seem simple to achieve.
A few players including Luc Longley, Andrew Gaze, Shane Heal, Chris Anstey and Andrew Bogut made it big internationally, becoming poster figures for the sport in Australia.
A field goal is worth two points, unless made from behind the three-point line, when it is worth three.
A higher place may serve as a concealed site from which to hunt; domestic cats strike prey by pouncing from a perch such as a tree branch.
A late 20th century trend in typing, primarily used with devices with small keyboards (such as PDAs and Smartphones), is thumbing or thumb typing.
A legal attempt by an offensive player to stop an opponent from guarding a teammate, by standing in the defender's way such that the teammate cuts next to him, is a screen or pick.
A less common measure of the speed of a typist, CPM is used to identify the number of characters typed per minute.
A lever on most machines allowed switching between colors, which was useful for bookkeeping entries where negative amounts were highlighted in red.
A limited number of time-outs, clock stoppages requested by a coach (or sometimes mandated in the NBA) for a short meeting with the players, are allowed.
A lioness-headed ivory carving found in Vogelherd cave in the Swabian Alb, southwest Germany, is dubbed Lowenmensch (lion-human) in German.
A more realistic version of the tiger entered the heraldic armory through the British Empire's expansion into Asia, and is referred to as the Bengal tiger to distinguish it from its older counterpart.
A new-born lion has dark spots, which fade as the cub reaches adulthood, although faint spots often may still be seen on the legs and underparts.
A number of radically different layouts such as Dvorak have been proposed to reduce the perceived inefficiencies of QWERTY, but none have been able to displace the QWERTY layout; their proponents claim considerable advantages, but so far none has been widely used.
A number of significant inventions and discoveries have been made by the Berkeley faculty and researchers:
A number of typographical conventions originate from the widespread use of the typewriter, based on the characteristics and limitations of the typewriter itself.
A player fouled while attempting a regular two-point shot thus receives two shots, and a player fouled while attempting a three-point shot receives three shots.
A player will rest the ball on the fingertips of the dominant hand (the shooting arm) slightly above the head, with the other hand supporting the side of the ball.
A proper chest pass involves an outward snap of the thumbs to add velocity and leaves the defence little time to react.
A quick movement by an offensive player without the ball to gain an advantageous position is known as a cut.
A response to middle wavelengths from a system other than the rod cells might be due to a third type of cone.
A sentence which uses every letter of the alphabet (a pangram), "A quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" can be used to check typewriters quickly.
A series of huge Brutalist concrete buildings were also built to provide much-needed housing, lab, office, and classroom space, including Evans Hall, Cory Hall, Wurster Hall, Davis Hall, McCone Hall, Zellerbach Hall, the undergraduate dorms Units 1, 2, and 3, and others.
A side effect of this technology was that the text typed on the machine could be easily read from the used ribbon, raising issues where the machines were used for preparing classified documents (ribbons had to be accounted for to ensure that typists did not carry them from the facility).
A single